README.md, before:

![banner](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65512990/132275173-a96dfdd4-5372-49a6-9fa1-d39fbff02abc.png)

<p align="center">
<!--   <a aria-label="Join the discord" href="https://discord.gg/CwCH2Wspjt">
    <img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Join%20community-5b10cc.svg?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=000000&logoWidth=20&logo=data:image/png;base64,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">
  </a> -->
<!-- download badge -->
<a aria-label="All Contributors" href="#contributors-"><img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-download-eb2a67?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=1b202e&logoWidth=20&logo=data:image/png;base64,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"></a>
<!-- other badges -->
  <a aria-label="site status" href="https://www.deveelo.com">
    <img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/website?down_color=ff3d4a&down_message=down&up_color=38d166&up_message=up&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.deveelo.com&style=for-the-badge&labelColor=1b202e">
  </a>
  <a aria-label="contributions" href="https://www.deveelo.com">
    <img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributions-welcome-3fa9eb?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=1b202e">
  </a>
</p>

<br />
<div align="center">
	<a href="https://www.deveelo.com"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65512990/149637323-b5894b89-8e53-488d-b925-4ddc39848607.png" alt="Logo" width="40" height="40"></a>
	<h3 align="center">The Social Platform for Game Developers</h3>
	<p align="center">
    All in one platform with community & exposure at its core
    <br />
    <a href="https://www.deveelo.com"><strong>Visit the site »</strong></a>
   	<br />
  </p>
</div>
		
<br />

### 📚 Structure
| Branches             |      Description      |
| :------------------- | :------------------- |
| [Dev](https://github.com/Treixatek/deveelo/tree/dev)       |      New and untested features or fixes, new commits go here       |
| [Staging](https://github.com/Treixatek/deveelo/tree/staging) |     This is where completed features from the __dev branch__ are tested before entering __prod branch__      |
| [Prod](https://github.com/Treixatek/deveelo/tree/prod) |     This is what is running in production, only tested versions in staging should be merged here      |

| Folders             |      Description      |
| :------------------- | :------------------- |
| [Eros](https://github.com/Treixatek/deveelo/tree/staging/eros)       |      The nextjs frontend, running on the website. The frontend acts as the base for the __Pavo client__       |
| [Vega](https://github.com/Treixatek/deveelo/tree/staging/vega) |     The apolloexpress-graphql backend      |
| [Pavo](https://github.com/Treixatek/deveelo/tree/staging/pavo) |     The Electron wrapped native desktop app      |

### 🎀 Installation
A desktop app Deveelo app is available for Windows, Mac, and Linux. This application contains all the features of the website plus native keybinds and the **Deveelo Game Portal**, which allows you to install and play the games you have on your account. To get the desktop app:

1. Download the installer for your platform from [here »](https://github.com/Treixatek/deveelo/releases/latest)
2. Run the installer _(deveelo-setup.exe)_

### 🤠 Usage
| <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65512990/149643306-226fc470-050b-4474-ad94-b1c423ce2c77.png" width="600"> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65512990/149643285-156a9792-d3e5-423b-b08d-2a22e511a2ff.png" width="600"> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65512990/149643295-a69ed9d0-9869-4ce1-945a-d8f35aa12561.png" width="600"> |
|------------|-------------|-------------|
| <b>Feed</b> | <strong>Devlogs</strong> | <strong>Groups</strong> |

### 🎁 Contributing
If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement" that announces what feature/fix you will be working on!

1. Fork the project _(only 1st time)_
2. Create your feature branch (on your own fork)
	```sh
   git checkout -b feature-or-fix-name
   ```
3. Commit your changes
	```sh
   git commit -m 'Added feature-name'
	## or with vscode source control UI
   ```
4. Push to the feature branch
	```sh
   git push origin feature-or-fix-name
   ```
5. Open a pull request in your fork **that merges into the dev branch on Treixatek/deveelo**
6. Connect to this repo to fetch other's changes _(only 1st time)_
	 ```sh
   git remote add upstream git@github.com:Treixatek/deveelo.git
   ```
7. Routinely fetch changes from this (upstream) repo
	```sh
   git fetch upstream
	## or with vscode source control UI under remotes
   ```

 _always search [issues](https://github.com/Treixatek/deveelo/issues) first to ensure nobody is already working on the feature❗_
### 📦 Versioning
This project follows the [Semantic Versioning 2.0](https://semver.org/) standard. Keep in mind that the desktop client [Pavo]() and the mobile apps are on different versions which can be found in their subdirectory's readme, the Pavo version is also under releases.
<details>
  <summary>More on Semantic Versioning</summary>
	<p>Software using this versioning method follow a MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH-tag scheme as seen below:</p>
  <ol>
        <li><p>MAJOR - made incompatible API changes</p></li>
        <li><p>MINOR - added functionality in a backwards compatible manner</p></li>
        <li><p>PATCH - made backwards compatible bug fixes</p></li>
        <li><p>tag - a pre-release version MAY be denoted by appending a hyphen and dot separated indentifiers</p></li>
  </ol>
	<p>Examples include <b>1.2.0</b> and <b>1.2.0-alpha</b> and <b>3.12.7-alpha.1</b></p>
</details>

### 🛤️ Roadmap
- [x] Account creation
- [x] Secure JWT authentication
- [x] Loading user profile
- [x] Desktop app
- [ ] Splash screen
- [ ] Profile pages
- [ ] Attempt #2 w/ Tauri
- [ ] Navigation
- [ ] Posting
- [ ] Follow & friending
<!-- - [ ] Populate Sidebar Discovery -->
<!-- - [ ] Searchbar -->

### 📬 Contact
- hello@deveelo.com for general inqueries, introducing yourself 😘 and everything else.
- support@deveelo.com to contact our support team regarding the platform.

<br />
<p align="center">(<a href="#top">👆</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Update to match return to Tauri w/ new Luna dir

README.md, after:

![banner](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65512990/132275173-a96dfdd4-5372-49a6-9fa1-d39fbff02abc.png)

<p align="center">
<!--   <a aria-label="Join the discord" href="https://discord.gg/CwCH2Wspjt">
    <img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Join%20community-5b10cc.svg?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=000000&logoWidth=20&logo=data:image/png;base64,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">
  </a> -->
<!-- download badge -->
<a aria-label="All Contributors" href="#contributors-"><img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-download-eb2a67?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=1b202e&logoWidth=20&logo=data:image/png;base64,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"></a>
<!-- other badges -->
  <a aria-label="site status" href="https://www.deveelo.com">
    <img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/website?down_color=ff3d4a&down_message=down&up_color=38d166&up_message=up&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.deveelo.com&style=for-the-badge&labelColor=1b202e">
  </a>
  <a aria-label="contributions" href="https://www.deveelo.com">
    <img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributions-welcome-3fa9eb?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=1b202e">
  </a>
</p>

<br />
<div align="center">
	<a href="https://www.deveelo.com"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65512990/149637323-b5894b89-8e53-488d-b925-4ddc39848607.png" alt="Logo" width="40" height="40"></a>
	<h3 align="center">The Social Platform for Game Developers</h3>
	<p align="center">
    All in one platform with community & exposure at its core
    <br />
    <a href="https://www.deveelo.com"><strong>Visit the site »</strong></a>
   	<br />
  </p>
</div>
		
<br />

### 📚 Structure
| Branches             |      Description      |
| :------------------- | :------------------- |
| [Dev](https://github.com/Treixatek/deveelo/tree/dev)       |      New and untested features or fixes, new commits go here       |
| [Staging](https://github.com/Treixatek/deveelo/tree/staging) |     This is where completed features from the __dev branch__ are tested before entering __prod branch__      |
| [Prod](https://github.com/Treixatek/deveelo/tree/prod) |     This is what is running in production, only tested versions of staging should be merged here      |

| Folders             |      Description      |
| :------------------- | :------------------- |
| [Eros](https://github.com/Treixatek/deveelo/tree/staging/eros)       |      The nextjs frontend, running on the website. The frontend acts as the base for the __Luna client__       |
| [Vega](https://github.com/Treixatek/deveelo/tree/staging/vega) |     The apolloexpress-graphql backend      |
| [Luna](https://github.com/Treixatek/deveelo/tree/staging/luna) |     The Tauri wrapped native desktop app      |

### 🎀 Installation
A desktop app Deveelo app is available for Windows, Mac, and Linux. This application contains all the features of the website plus native keybinds and the **Deveelo Game Portal**, which allows you to install and play the games you have on your account. To get the desktop app:

1. Download the installer for your platform from [here »](https://github.com/Treixatek/deveelo/releases/latest)
2. Run the installer _(deveelo-setup.exe)_

### 🤠 Usage
| <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65512990/149643306-226fc470-050b-4474-ad94-b1c423ce2c77.png" width="600"> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65512990/149643285-156a9792-d3e5-423b-b08d-2a22e511a2ff.png" width="600"> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65512990/149643295-a69ed9d0-9869-4ce1-945a-d8f35aa12561.png" width="600"> |
|------------|-------------|-------------|
| <b>Feed</b> | <strong>Devlogs</strong> | <strong>Groups</strong> |

### 🎁 Contributing
If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement" that announces what feature/fix you will be working on!

1. Fork the project _(only 1st time)_
2. Create your feature branch (on your own fork)
	```sh
   git checkout -b feature-or-fix-name
   ```
3. Commit your changes
	```sh
   git commit -m 'Added feature-name'
	## or with vscode source control UI
   ```
4. Push to the feature branch
	```sh
   git push origin feature-or-fix-name
   ```
5. Open a pull request in your fork **that merges into the dev branch on Treixatek/deveelo**
6. Connect to this repo to fetch other's changes _(only 1st time)_
	 ```sh
   git remote add upstream git@github.com:Treixatek/deveelo.git
   ```
7. Routinely fetch changes from this (upstream) repo
	```sh
   git fetch upstream
	## or with vscode source control UI under remotes
   ```

 _always search [issues](https://github.com/Treixatek/deveelo/issues) first to ensure nobody is already working on the feature❗_
### 📦 Versioning
This project follows the [Semantic Versioning 2.0](https://semver.org/) standard. Keep in mind that the desktop client [Luna](https://github.com/Treixatek/deveelo/tree/staging/luna) and the mobile apps are on different versions which can be found in their subdirectory's readme, the Luna version is also under releases.
<details>
  <summary>More on Semantic Versioning</summary>
	<p>Software using this versioning method follow a MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH-tag scheme as seen below:</p>
  <ol>
        <li><p>MAJOR - made incompatible API changes</p></li>
        <li><p>MINOR - added functionality in a backwards compatible manner</p></li>
        <li><p>PATCH - made backwards compatible bug fixes</p></li>
        <li><p>tag - a pre-release version MAY be denoted by appending a hyphen and dot separated indentifiers</p></li>
  </ol>
	<p>Examples include <b>1.2.0</b> and <b>1.2.0-alpha</b> and <b>3.12.7-alpha.1</b></p>
</details>

### 🛤️ Roadmap
- [x] Account creation
- [x] Secure JWT authentication
- [x] Loading user profile
- [x] Desktop app
- [ ] Splash screen
- [ ] Profile pages
- [x] Attempt #2 w/ Tauri
- [ ] Navigation
- [ ] Posting
- [ ] Follow & friending
<!-- - [ ] Populate Sidebar Discovery -->
<!-- - [ ] Searchbar -->

### 📬 Contact
- hello@deveelo.com for general inqueries, introducing yourself 😘 and everything else.
- support@deveelo.com to contact our support team regarding the platform.

<br />
<p align="center">(<a href="#top">👆</a>)</p>
